# Alien Blaster 

It's a working title! I swear I'll come up with something better later. 

This is a top-down space shooter written from scratch in Unity3D. Currently this 
is in its infant stages with mainly just the core architecture done. 

(C) 2018 George Nikolai Kotula.  All rights reserved.

This project is NOT released under a copy-left or MIT-style license.

## Key Features 

### An Upgrade Shop System 

The player can spend credits to upgrade their ship between levels. Upgrades are 
broken up into Offense, Defense, and Exotic. The Exotic upgrades are focused 
more on creating unique avenues of play rather than simply "a more powerful 
laser." 

An example of an Exotic upgrade is the Time Manipulation upgrade. At tier one, 
all enemies are slowed for a brief time. At higher tiers, the enemies will be 
stopped in their tracks completely or even be rewound through time! 

### Comedic Story 

*Humanity is in danger off annihilation from an alien race! It is up to the lone 
hero to use the world's most advanced ship to fight them off! Are you up to the 
challenge?* 

Does that sound familiar? Too often games shortcut the story and just throw the 
player into the game. This game is a comedic commentary on this so-called 
"railroading" that occurs in games like this. 

Our "hero" is, in fact, chosen only because they are good at video games! 
They've never once flown a real ship, and they sure don't know anything about 
real military operations. Yet, despite their protests, the governments of the 
world thrust the entire hope of humanity onto the shoulders of one poor gamer 
nerd. 

Complete with snarky comments and deadpan humor, this story will engage anyone 
who plays because, well, the player *is* that one gamer who is thrust into the 
role of hero to save the world. 

## Other Info 

I really do not have much done on this game visually speaking. A lot of my work 
has gone into creating a versatile component-based game architecture. Since this 
is my first foray into Unity, I focused mainly on learning how to effectively 
create game entities, build levels, and explore Unity's capabilities. 

You can check out the Architecture document for a detailed walkthrough of all 
the thought that went into designing this game's core. 

